---
layout: post
title: "Why I'm here"
date: 2019-11-01 15:10:00 -0400
categories: blog
---
There's no getting around it: starting a blog page in the year 2019 is a stupid idea. What started as a [throwaway joke](https://twitter.com/DIY_skeleton/status/1189587491650789377) that I made has become a plan I'm actually carrying through with. But _why? Why the fuck am I doing this?_ It's a good question I don't have a good answer to. Nobody is going to read this, I'll probably end up giving up after a few posts, it's unlikely that I'll even enjoy writing any of this. _Why bother?_

I could write tedious paragraphs trying to answer this, but that'll get me nowhere. I don't like this post, so why stretch it out too thin? I'm just going to take the lazy route and put it in a bullet list.

**Why I'm doing this dumb thing:**
+ This past October was the worst month of my life and I need some way of thinking about this shit in a way that is healthier than soaking in negative thoughts.
+ I would love to rely less on putting my life on the servers of gigantic social media platforms, both from an ethics standpoint and also because I've been a massive bummer to everyone on those sites for a decade now and it's time to let up on it a bit.
+ Even if this isn't serious, getting into the habit of writing again will be nice.
+ Getting words down as I begin therapy for the first time in my life somehow feels important to me; like the sort of thing I will want to look back upon. A document of my progress or whatever.

That's all I have for now. This coffee shop I've spent all day in is about to close up and soon I have to get to work, as much as I am not in the mental state for it. I can't be there any longer, I have to get out of there. My next post and the ones after will be much more in line with the rest of them. I just felt like I had to get this mission statement out of the way. The barista at this coffee shop is wearing a Bell Witch shirt, so I've been listening to them. This album was made in the wake of a member's death and is a brutal listen in public.

<iframe style="border: 0; width: 400px; height: 400px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=4165913683/size=large/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=0687f5/minimal=true/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="http://bellwitch.bandcamp.com/album/mirror-reaper">Mirror Reaper by Bell Witch</a></iframe>